do-do-do-do do-do-do-do holy crap oh hi
Phil what do you think isn't a little
rude Henry well I don't know i don't
want a whole bunch of nerds clogging up
the place talking about it math and
geometry and crap so I wrote that the
water zoo either by the comics or just
shut up again well have you had any
customers yet Cheyenne Henry no well no
wonder everybody looks at that Sun say
hey this guy's a bride I'm not gonna go
into his comic sport shut up Phil ah
take your crap if you ain't doing better
why don't you just open up your own
comic store maybe your will gosh he
ain't no John hater mmm what now holy
crap what do you think isn't it grand
huh Phil's comics by them or get a free
lollipop fell yeah I gonna make no money
with crap like dad well like my mom
always used to say Henry happiness is
your greatest reward what ever besides
yes Bell by oh I didn't no no no no no
see you wrote be why is he he's supposed
to be be you I snot I it's why that's
what I meant besides your dumb little
last an hour out in the real world what
makes you say that Henry well first look
at what the hair is checking it out oh
it was fun
oh man that was my favorite comic well
what about your place what about it well
for instance look how big your comic
books are people can barely hold them up
so what my store is stuff better than
yours you wanna bet you bet I do wanna
bet the first person who gets a customer
wins okay assume the position I tell you
down and not timing up I'm gonna win
this bout three non customer hours later
so tired Hey look a customer Wow BYE MOM
I'll be back Walter I got dibs oh oh I'm
so ready why hello good sir would you
like to buy a comic book Oh are the
raspberry uh no Oh lor barrel no no just
pick a comic book oh ok I'll shoul don't
have rose bowl all right what is like
this guy excuse me kind sir guats I just
happen to have raspberry lollipops oh
come now would you like to buy a comic
book along with that also flu uh no
they're a dollar each oh I only have a
quarter um well then sorry but you can't
buy a comic book wats well i'm sorry but
i can't sell a comic book for time
crap I got a whiner I'll sell a comic
book for a quarter he will sure then I
have the best comic book store right oh
yes oh just bekstaarr in the world oh
fudge he's gonna have the best store in
the world think Phil think all right
kind sir if you'll just give me that
quarter oh that's the dead man I did
you're not gonna get the last customer
I'll shut up you and your chin shut up
loud mouth at least I don't have to rub
my mom's feed it mustard that is not
true merciful shut up y ou ou ou drugs
comic book dan tarantula